##### Exercise 1: Enter two numbers, A and B and return the sum and difference of A and B, assuming that the sum-difference of A and B is less than 10. A < 10 and B < 10.

**Solution:** Enter the number A < 10 after entering, subtract 30 to get the real number value when entering because the character when entered is included in the computer program as ASCII code, then save the value A to the CH register. CH register value via BH register and CL register value via BL register so that we have a copy of 2 numbers A B. Then compute the sum and symbol of the 2 numbers, A and B. After adding and subtracting the values A and B, in the BH register, we have the sum AB. Then we add 30 to the value in the BH register so that we have the ASCII code representing the value. Then move that value to the DL register to print it on the screen. Do the same with the value in the CH register.

##### Exercise 2: Enter 2 numbers A B and return the sum of A B provided that the sum of 2 numbers A and B > 10 with 2 numbers A B < 10.
**Solution:** Enter the number A < 10 and then save it in the BH register. Enter the number B < 10 and then store it in the BL register. Here, the BX register includes BH and BL, so we can subtract 3030h from the BX register (that means subtracting the 30h from the BH register and BL register). Before performing the following steps, we should write and delete all values in the AX register to avoid errors when performing calculations. Then we add 2 values from register BL and register BH and then save them in register BL. Then we move the value of register BL through register AL. Then we put the value of 10 in the BL register to be divided by the value of the AL register. The value in the AL register is the sum of the two numbers A and B, so after dividing with the value in the BL register, which is 10, the value of the AH register is the division remainder, and the value of the AL register is the divisible part of the division. Then we save the value of register AH through register BH and the value of register AL through register BL. In the next step, we take the value of the BX register plus 3030h to represent the value in ASCII code. The next step is to pass the value of the BL register through the DL register to print out dozens of the results, and do the same with the value of the BH register through the DL register to print the units of the result.

##### Exercise 3: Enter 2 numbers A and B and return the sum and difference of A B with the condition that the sum-difference of 2 numbers A and B > 10 with 2 numbers A and B > 10.
**Solution:** When the user enters the first number in the terminal, we subtract that value from 30h to get the value of the number. Then we move the value of 10 into the BL register and get the value of the bar. register AL multiplied by the value of register BL. We obtain the tense value of the first digit when the user enters it and store it in the CH register. Then the user enters the number. We will subtract 30h to get the real price and perform the addition with the CH register value, which means we get a number with tens and units in the CH register. Do the same with the number B. We will get it in the CL register. Then we will move the value of the CH register through the DH register and the value of the CL register through the DL register, so we get a copy of the two numbers A and B. Then we will perform the addition at CH register and CL register, we get the sum of 2 AB numbers stored in CH register. Then we perform the subtraction in the DH register and the DL register. We get the sum of the two AB numbers stored in the DH register. Before performing the following steps, we should write and delete all values in the AX register to avoid errors when performing calculations. In the next step, we move the value of the CH register to the AL register and put the value of 10 into the BL register to perform division. After performing the division, we store the value of the AL register in the CH register (divisible part) and the value of the AH register in the CL register (remainder). Then, we take the value of the CH register plus 30 to get the ASCII code and then move it through the DL register to print the dozens of results. Then we take the value in the CL register plus 30 to get the ASCII code and then move it through the DL register to print to the screen the units of the result. When we do the same with the value of the DH register, we get the result of the addition of two numbers, A and B.